docs: add pack requirements DOC-1998 (#10186)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/registries-and-packs/registries-and-packs.md

## Default Registry

The default pack registry is Spectro Cloud's OCI Palette Registry. It consists of several packs for creating a cluster
profile and launch a Kubernetes cluster with their choice of integrations. Palette maintains all packs in this pack

> registry and takes care of upgrading packs in the pack registry whenever required.

Author: ```suggestion
The default pack registry is Spectro Cloud's OCI Palette Registry. It contains several packs for creating a cluster
profile and launching a Kubernetes cluster with a wide choice of integrations. Palette maintains all packs in this
registry and is responsible for upgrading them whenever required.
```
